All right, so why don't we put our heads
together and work through a solution?
And again,
this is not the only way one could do it.
This whole API, if you will,
of this is how we expect our
colleague across the way,
who doesn't wanna have to worry
about how to implement modal
dialogues with JavaScript,
let them just have this nice interface.
And again, we're just sort of pretending
I've given you this edict that this is how
the modal object should work, but
it's the web, it's the free-for-all.
So [LAUGH] if you want to redo this with
a totally different way to break down
these objects, these classes, if you
wanna try doing it again without classes,
with functional programming,
what have you, have at it.
But right now, to practice our
class syntax, we're gonna go for
it, and we're gonna fill in the blanks
here on our modal and form classes.
So why don't we start with the form?
Because that way, we can, at least,
[LAUGH] help the modal get started.
And what we want to do with the form
is satisfy this interaction here,
where we can call new form,
pass in the type.
In this case, it's gonna be a dialog.
That's what the modal wants to do.
But maybe somebody else wants to
create a different type of form, and
give it a name and some content.
And what we get back is
something with an element
that then is the actual
HTML form element reference
that I can use to later attach to the DOM.
So we've got a jumpstart here
with some pre default valued
properties for form objects.
They're gonna have an element,
which is created by this
create element with a form.
That's gonna be that form element
that we can later use in the modal.
And they'll have a little heading and
a button to submit the form
which closes the modal dialog.
Okay, so any ideas how we can
proceed with this constructor?
>> Be element.appendChild closeButton.
>> Okay, now,
since we're talking about the,
we want this to happen on
the actual instance of the object.
>> So
we wanna throw it in the dom not create.
>> Well, so we've got, okay, so
what happens up here is when I create,
so I can declare a variable sort
of instance, properties up here,
and I can also assign
default values to them.
So that, for example,
in here, I don't have any,
I'm not asking the user to,
give me their own form element.
I'm gonna make a form element for
my user that's gonna
be on the instance object
as the element property.
And so the way that we access properties
of an instance within the constructor and
within any other methods
that we might be using
is with my least favorite
keyword in JavaScript.
>> This.
>> This, exactly, so
what we can do is this element to
access the new form element
that is going to run here.
And we're going to assign, sorry,
we're going to pick up
with your suggestion.
>> Append, yeah, I was,
yeah, I was referring to-
>> Append.
>> Incorrectly,
I forgot about this part, yes.
But yeah, this.element.appendChild,
this.closeButton.
>> This.closeButton, okay.
So now, when this runs,
this.closeButton is going
to resolve to this new
element that I created here.
And then the constructor is going
to find element which is gonna
resolve to this new form
element that's created here.
And these are HTML elements so
they have the appendChild, thanks VS Code.
[LAUGH] They have an appendChild method,
so
I can nest the button inside of the form,
okay.
>> Shall we put [COUGH]
the heading before that?
>> We could also put a heading in
the form, and probably, it makes sense for
the heading to be near the top
of the form, so let's do that.
Would you like to walk me through it?
>> Sure, this.element.appendChild
open current this.heading.
>> Okay, same vibe,
same energy, [LAUGH] great.
Okay, so we've got now
a heading appended to the form,
a button appended to the form,
but we haven't really taken
in any of the information that the user is
passing in to this particular instance.
So what can we do about that?
For example, I want whatever
the user passes in as the type,
maybe it'll be dialogue,
to be the type attribute of the form.
So now we have type coming in as
an argument to our constructor.
We can use that data to mess
with our form element and
set the type of this form,
so that the browser
knows this is a dialogue
form inside of a dialog.
So when you submit, close the dialog.
Okay, so to set an attribute [LAUGH],
we have the handy method, set attribute.
Okay, so
we want to call set attribute on the-
>> Element.
>> Elements.
>> Element and again, we're gonna
this.element.setAttribute [SOUND]
attribute,
type, and then the type string
that the user passed in.
Cool, okay.
Now how about the title?
Probably, a good place to
put that is in the heading.
So in this case,
we're not setting it as an element,
we would have an h2,
my title sort of thing.
What we can do with another handy little
property, on HTML elements, anybody know?
>> Text content?
>> Text content, that'll work.
I mean, again, there's lots of
different ways that we can do this.
So we want to set the text content of the-
>> Heading.
>> Heading to whatever the title
is that's passed in and
now, okay, so content.
What is content gonna be?
Well, again, passed down from on high,
this is gonna be some kind of content
element that has its own children and
has its own like subtree of elements.
So we want that to be within the form.
Essentially, we don't want the form to
just have a heading and a button and
no information that the user passed in
of what they need to do in this form or
what they need the user
to do in this form.
So all of their inputs and
field sets and so on and so
forth, so where can we put that?
>> Can you do
this.element.appendChildContent?
>> We sure can,
do we wanna do that down here?
>> Nope.
>> Nope?
>> Well, I think you would
want it before the button.
>> We might wanna put the close
button at the bottom.
We might not, we might have other
ideas in mind, but let's say we do so
we wanna make sure that we're
appending it in the right order.
Cuz append is pushing onto an array,
it's gonna go at the end.
So this element appendChild,
this.content ought to work.
Again, expecting this.content
to be a HTML element.
Now, exercise for the reader [LAUGH]
is how could we make sure that the form
isn't being instantiated with some random
thing that appendChild isn't gonna like.
So that's a later exploration
we can take on our own.
>> We want to append content,
not this.content, right?
>> Sorry.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes, the catch.
>> That's what I was gonna say.
>> Excellent catch.
>> Yep, cuz-
>> Some of those are, I thought, and
some of them are not, yeah.
>> It's a function parameter,
not a member.
>> Exactly,
totally did that to point this out to you.
[LAUGH] Yeah, so
keep in mind that we're not actually
storing the content as a property
on this object, could we?
Sure, we could also in our constructor,
we can add new properties to the instance.
So we could do this.content
equals content, we could do that.
We could also, let's say,
since I declared here,
these objects are gonna have titles,
we could do the same with the title.
But depending on what we want, what the
experiences we want other developers to
have as they're using this object.
And by other developers, I also mean
us in the future or what have you.
We can decide what we want to expose as
properties of this object versus what
we just want to know about so that we
can put it where it needs to go and
then expose like the just the element,
let's say.
So in this case, let's see.
I think the only thing we're really gonna
need to refer to here is an element of
the form.
We could definitely
expose things like title.
We could have a two-string that prints
a pretty summary of what's going on
in this form or what have you.
In the interest of time,
we're not gonna do that.
And right now, since we're all in this,
right, constrained environment where we
know that our only user is us, and
nobody's gonna be kind of switching out
stuff under us because we're
writing this entire program here.
We're gonna, for
the interest of time, blow past that.
But it would be a good
thing to think about for
later is how could you make sure,
how could you expose ways to change out
some of this underlying stuff in the form?
And how could you make sure that it's
difficult to mess up [LAUGH] for
your users?